migrate the internal kube-apiserver to kwok (#333)
kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator: README.md

> 

Author: I see. I'd revise it.

### Simulator

Simulator is composed of debuggable scheduler + the HTTP server which mainly for the web UI.

There are several ways to integrate your scheduler into the simulator.
See [integrate-your-scheduler.md](simulator/docs/integrate-your-scheduler.md).

> You can create any resources by communication with kube-apiserver outside via any clients (e.g. kubectl, k8s client library, or web UI described next).
> And when you create Pods, 
> Pods will be scheduled by the [debuggable scheduler](./simulator/docs/debuggable-scheduler.md),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simulator runs with a fake cluster powered by [KWOK](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kwok)

You can create any resources in KWOK cluster via any clients (e.g. kubectl, k8s client library, or web UI described next).
And when you create Pods, 
Pods will be scheduled by the [debuggable scheduler](./simulator/docs/debuggable-scheduler.md),
```
